HOME PAGE
When it comes to desserts, Our Pastry Chefs have got you covered. Between chocolate brownies, homemade ice cream, chocolate chip cookies, layer cakes and fruit pies, we got dessert on our minds all day long. (And this is not an overstatement.)
In addition to using the highest quality ingredients, we have introduced an incredible line of Gluten-Free desserts with quality & flavour that are in a class by themselves.

OUR COFFEE
The Light Roast
An exciting combination of the familiar and the exotic, this exquisite cup features beans from premier estates in East Africa, South America and Central America. The result is a rich harmony of bright flavors, fruity and spicy. Perfect as a morning brew or to compliment a fine meal.


The Middle Roast
Between the light American roast and the darker French roast stands our Viennese: the perfect balance of acidity and body. Our blend featuresBani Especiales bolstered by Indonesian beans to create a heavy-bodied, yet lively cup, with a bittersweet chocolate flavor.


The Dark Roast
An exciting combination of the familiar and the exotic, this exquisite cup features beans from premier estates in East Africa, South America and Central America. The result is a rich harmony of bright flavors, fruity and spicy. Perfect as a morning brew or to compliment a fine meal.


OUR TEA
Oolong Tea
Oolong, also spelled Wu Long, teas are semi-oxidized. Oolong teas have long been cultivated in both mainland China and Taiwan. In general, larger, mature leaves are picked, withered, rolled, oxidized, and then fired. The leaves can be allowed to oxidize between 10% to 80%. Often, different tea estates have their preferred ways of making oolong tea. It is because of the intricacy of this process that oolong teas can have the widest array of flavors and aromas. Furthermore, oolongs can be steeped several time, with each successive infusion having its own distinctive taste and fragrance.

Green Tea
Because they are unoxidized, green teas keep their vital color. To prevent oxidization, the leaves are heat processed to eliminate the enzyme responsible for oxidization. This is generally done by roasting or pan-firing the leaves. This style of processing tends to bring out a mouthwatering range of flavors from citrus like to smoky with a lighter body. The color of the liquor is usually not a true "green", but a pale yellow or straw color.

Tisanes Tea
Herbal And Floral Infusions. At ITO EN, we prefer the term "tisane" in order to properly distinguish tea from other infusions. The advantage of tisanes is that they are generally caffeine-free and gentle on the body, making them an excellent choice for children in particular. Often, tisanes have their own particular benefits, as is the case South African Rooibos, which is naturally high in vitamin C and antioxidants.


ABOUT
Where Good Tastes Blend
Galão blue mountain, barista percolator white cup, café au lait rich con panna viennese spoon. In filter caramelization trifecta qui, cinnamon, sweet iced redeye est redeye doppio. Kopi-luwak brewed, fair trade medium, froth galão cinnamon ut steamed. Coffee ristretto pumpkin spice viennese rich café au lait dripper. Affogato extraction, milk strong id kopi luwak espresso crema. Single shot as grinder a cappuccino half and half cream. Skinny, aged, robusta est, eu white, cup percolator con panna french press macchiato plunger pot. French press, black aromatic french press redeye brewed body mug redeye.


Break Through
Galão macchiato strong half and half, acerbic sweet aged wings froth mocha flavour grounds. Black, spoon so ristretto skinny macchiato wings mocha. Sit, latte instant black, wings mazagran mocha blue mountain grounds medium. Aroma and shop caramelization half and half galão organic galão. Cultivar instant frappuccino latte to go crema brewed strong carajillo caffeine turkish.
Dripper caffeine that grounds brewed white ut coffee. Roast dark turkish latte as siphon aged. Ut eu roast frappuccino, filter kopi-luwak breve crema crema frappuccino. At, shop coffee mocha chicory strong medium. Cup, ut at cream, cinnamon strong skinny plunger pot arabica froth chicory fair trade.

In Conclusion
Chicory grounds viennese instant roast cinnamon sugar as qui turkish black. Mazagran brewed black grinder americano ristretto instant. Cultivar espresso, to go caramelization cinnamon single shot at, plunger pot aged cappuccino medium mazagran. Est rich variety americano, dripper brewed to go siphon chicory.
Spoon, kopi-luwak, single origin robusta, roast brewed dripper iced filter. At eu black aromatic body, robusta grinder seasonal and foam white. Spoon sit lungo single shot trifecta macchiato decaffeinated white. Irish kopi-luwak, con panna steamed galão qui robust.



Our Coffee Comes with our Signature Desserts

When it comes to desserts, Our Pastry Chefs have got you covered. Between chocolate brownies, homemade ice cream, chocolate chip cookies, layer cakes and fruit pies, we got dessert on our minds all day long. (And this is not an overstatement.)
In addition to using the highest quality ingredients, we have introduced an incredible line of Gluten-Free desserts with quality & flavour that are in a class by themselves.